Hello I am TIANA ANNAICK
Front End developer and UI designer 

TIANA ANNAICK
About me
I am a 19-year-old computer science student. I am passionate about web design and development, and I always bring a touch of innovation to my projects for my own satisfaction and for my clients' satisfaction.

MES SERVICES 
Web page creation
I create customized and adapted web pages, using the latest and most efficient technologies.

Website maintenance and improvement
I take care of the maintenance and improvement of your website, by fixing bugs, optimizing SEO, adding features and improving user experience.

UI Design
I design ergonomic, intuitive and aesthetic application interfaces, taking into account the needs and expectations of the end users.

3D design:  I produce 3D plan models, using professional software and respecting the technical and artistic constraints of the project.

Technologies
I master all the technologies and tools needed for design and development:

Programming languages : C, C++, SQL, VBA, QML, Script shell

web Technologies : HTML, CSS, JS, , Sass, Jquery, less, postcss

Frameworks and librairies: Tailwind, React, Ant design, MUI, , QT

Development tools 
 : NPM, Vite, webpack, git, github

Graphic design software : Adobe Illustrator, photoshop, XD, Figma, SketchUp, Vray

PROJETS
Application development
Todo
A fully functional todo application for managing tasks. All CRUD operations are included and tasks are stored using the web storage API.

Shopee
A react-based e-commerce prototype, using fakestore API. Users can browse the catalog, add products to shopping cart and make a payment. 

Wakanda
A complete website dedicated to the world of Wakanda. You'll find storybooks, character info and videos, plus a quiz for the more adventurous. All presented with animations and transitions to make the experience fluid and unforgettable. 

LoginPage 
An interactive and animated login page to add a touch of fun to your business and entertain your users.

Batman
My first project. An complete application dedicated to the world of the Dark Knight, it lists all  informations and stories about Batman. A quiz is included for those who want to test their fan skills.

Gevis
A desktop application for managing visitors to tourist sites, based on Qt Quick and SQLite as a database management system, it enables CRUD operations and efficient management of visitors and all the information concerning them. 

Graphic Design 

00afff
00ff8f